Chaitanya Sharma
hello@chaitanyas.dev
Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400099

Dear Hiring Manager/Team,

I am Chaitanya Sharma, holding a Bachelor's Degree in Electronics and Telecommunications, earned a broad understanding of technology and engineering through my 3 years of experience in the software engineering field.

Currently, I hold the position of Mobile Application Developer, leading a team of 3 developers with a focus on three key areas: acquisition, engagement, and premium user experience. This role necessitates close collaboration with cross-functional teams, including the back-end and product teams, as well as direct engagement with the co-founders.

In problem-solving, my priority is striking a balance between delivery time and product quality. Data analytics and data driven approach has always been part of my decision making. Alongside my primary responsibilities, I actively engaged in analytics Identifying strategies to enhance the product for the mutual benefit of the end-users and the company. I strongly believe in producing simple and maintainable code. With time, I learned to meet the deadlines and to take crucial decisions in the process due to an excellent collaborative relationship with my seniors and co-founders. Having a great relationship with seniors never entailed that we always agree on everything, sometimes I used to respectfully disagree. I often got a compliment from my seniors, "a quick learner".

As a tech enthusiast, I undertake innovative projects outside my regular job. One notable project is the design and development of a custom split ergonomic keyboard—a wireless device with only 34 keys. To achieve parity with a standard-sized keyboard, I designed and developed a custom multi-layer keyboard layout. This project required me to learn a lot of different technologies and tools.

I consider myself to be calm, controlled, straight forward, frank and to always welcome constructive criticism.

I am writing all this as I am keenly interested in the role of [role] at [company].

Sincerely,
Chaitanya Sharma
9999999999
